README.md, before:

# Specs
|Behavior|Input|Output|Description|
|-|-|-|-|
|The app will start user at the hair salon homepage to either add or view the current stylists.| The user goes to homepage.| The user is presented with homepage with title, and two links to either add or view current stylists.| description |
| Will allow user to see all the hair salon's current stylist. | The user clicks "View Stylists" link on the homepage. | The user is taken to new page that lists all stylists | description |
| Will allow user to go to form to enter a new stylist's information. | The user clicks "Add a Stylist" link on homepage. | The user is taken to a new page with a form to enter the new stylist. | description |
| Will allow user to fill form and add a stylist to list of stylist. | User enters: <br><br>Dylan Brook<br>503-444-6745<br>04/05/2016<br><br> User clicks Submit | The user is taken to list of stylists, with newly added stylist. | description |
| Will allow user to select a stylist from the list, and see their information and clients. | User clicks a stylist name. | The user is taken to stylist's detail page, including list of client if they have any. | description |
| Will allow user to add new clients to a stylist on their detail page | User clicks "Add a Client" on stylist's page. | The user is taken to page with client form. | description |
| Will allow user to fill out client information, and add client. | User enters:<br><br>Dahlia Miyazaki<br>503-859-3324<br>d.miyazaki@email.com<br><br> User clicks Submit | The user is taken to stylist's page of that client with client newly added to client list. | description |
| Will allow user to update a client's information details. | User clicks on edit link on the client's information, and enters new information.
User clicks Submit. | The client's information is updated, and the user is taken back to stylist page with new client information shown. |
| Will allow user to delete a client that no longer visits the salon. | User clicks on client's name on stylist's page. User clicks on "Delete" button on client's information page. | description |

Commit message:

Test for spec to view all clients of a specific stylist.

README.md, after:

# Specs
|Behavior|Input|Output|Description|
|-|-|-|-|
|The app will start user at the hair salon homepage to either add or view the current stylists.| The user goes to homepage.| The user is presented with homepage with title, and two links to either add or view current stylists.| description |
| Will allow user to see all the hair salon's current stylist. | The user clicks "View Stylists" link on the homepage. | The user is taken to new page that lists all stylists | description |
| Will allow user to go to form to enter a new stylist's information. | The user clicks "Add a Stylist" link on homepage. | The user is taken to a new page with a form to enter the new stylist. | description |
| Will allow user to fill form and add a stylist to list of stylist. | User enters: <br><br>Dylan Brook<br>503-444-6745<br>04/05/2016<br><br> User clicks Submit | The user is taken to list of stylists, with newly added stylist. | description |
| Will allow user to select a stylist from the list, and see their information and clients. | User clicks a stylist name. | The user is taken to stylist's detail page, including list of client if they have any. | description |
| Will allow user to add new clients to a stylist on their detail page | User clicks "Add a Client" on stylist's page. | The user is taken to page with client form. | description |
| Will allow user to fill out client information, and add client. | User enters:<br><br>Dahlia Miyazaki<br>503-859-3324<br>d.miyazaki@email.com<br><br> User clicks Submit | The user is taken to stylist's page of that client with client newly added to client list. | description |
| Will allow user to update a client's information details. | User clicks on edit link on the client's information, and enters new information.<br><br>User clicks Submit. | The client's information is updated, and the user is taken back to stylist page with new client information shown.| description |
| Will allow user to delete a client that no longer visits the salon. | User clicks on client's name on stylist's page. User clicks on "Delete" button on client's information page. | User is taken back to stylist page with list of clients without newly deleted client. |description |
